808/about executors (#974)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/14 Scenarios/01 Executors/06 ramping-arrival-rate.md

See the [arrival rate](/using-k6/scenarios/arrival-rate) section for details.

<Blockquote mod="Note" title="Iteration starts are spaced fractionally">

Iterations **do not** started at exactly the same time.
At a `rate` of 10 with a `timeUnit` of `1s`, each iteration starts about every tenth of a second (that is, each 100ms).

> This jitter accidentally concurrency where all VUs start at the exact millisecond

Reviewer: Something is wrong with this sentence, but I am not sure exactly what :sweat_smile:

Author: Oh I know what's wrong: it's not a sentence. It has no main verb. It should be "This jitter prevents." Fixing now...

> This jitter accidentally concurrency where all VUs start at the exact millisecond

Author: ```suggestion
This jitter prevents accidental concurrency where all VUs start at the exact millisecond
```

> Iterations **do not** started at exactly the same time.
> At a `rate` of 10 with a `timeUnit` of `1s`, each iteration starts about every tenth of a second (that is, each 100ms).
> This jitter prevents accidental concurrency where all VUs start at the exact millisecond
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Iterations **do not** start at exactly the same time.
At a `rate` of `10` with a `timeUnit` of `1s`, each iteration starts about every tenth of a second (that is, each 100ms).

```
